I don't care about my reputation what I
care about is telling Emily roses story
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
do you understand how long they can put
you away for this I want people to hear
what only I can tell and what is that
what really happened to Emily and why
[Music]
so she believed that her actual
possession began that night at the
hospital I think she did Emily had two
epilepsy
father Moore's beliefs are based on
superstition did father Moore ask you to
give her any medical help I couldn't
help her
why couldn't you help her because there
are no injections against the devil
[Music]
Emily hey can you hear me demons exist
whether you believe in them or not just
be careful there are forces surrounding
this trial
can you hear me
just become the glory of God
you